{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document explains the files for replicating the main exhibits in Kaur, "Nominal Wage Rigidity in Village Labor Markets".\
\
The paper uses 3 datasets, each of which is contained in the main directory: \
- World Bank Climate and Agriculture data (data_wb_replication.dta)\
- National Sample Survey data (data_nss_replication.dta)\
- Fairness Norms Survey data collected by Kaur (data_fairness_replication.dta)\
\
The do file \'93REPLICATION.do\'94 contains the code to run the regressions for each table. This do-file calls the above datasets.\
\
In addition, the subfolder \'93_raw_files\'94 creates the underlying raw data and do files that were used to generate the above datasets. These are provided for users who would like to see the code for how the key variables were created from the raw compiled data. In this subfolder, the files nss_raw_data.dta and wb_raw_data.dta are the raw compiled, clean datasets for the NSS and World Bank data, respectively. In the case of the NSS data, this raw data files already compiles and harmonizes the raw underlying data from across NSS rounds, including making district names consistent across rounds. In addition, both files already have the University of Delaware rainfall dataset merged in. Note that users do not need to look at these files, the replication datasets in the main folder can be opened directly to replicate the analysis.\
\
If using this cleaned and compiled data for other analysis, please cite Kaur, \'93Nominal Wage Rigidity in Village Labor Markets\'94, American Economic Review. Similarly, if using the Fairness Norms Survey survey questions that were written for the questionnaire or using the fairness norms data, please cite this paper.}